PORT-5605 | Dynatrace Ocean Integration (#372)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/dynatrace/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

> # Port_Ocean 1.0.0 (2024-01-29)

Reviewer: Make sure you specify the same version here as in the pyproject.toml
```suggestion
# Port_Ocean 0.1.0 (2024-01-29)
```

### Features

> - Implemented Dynatrace integration to bring slos, entities and problems data to Port (1.0.0)

Reviewer: specify the jira ticket `PORT-x` or set to `#1`
```suggestion
- Implemented Dynatrace integration to bring slos, entities and problems data to Port (PORT-x)
```

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

# Port_Ocean 1.0.2 (2024-01-29)

### Improvements

- Formatted yaml and json files (1.0.2)

# Port_Ocean 1.0.1 (2024-01-29)

### Improvements

- Implemented central method for paginated resources (1.0.1)
- Removed entity_type from ingested objects (1.0.1)

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed bugs in queries (1.0.1)

# Port_Ocean 1.0.0 (2024-01-29)

### Features

> - Add Dynatrace integration (1.0.0)

Reviewer 2: Since the integration has not been published yet, all these changes is still in version 0.1.0. So create just 1 Features changelog

`Implemented Dynatrace integration to bring slos, entities and problems data to Port`

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> <!-- towncrier release notes start -->

Reviewer 2: The changelog content for this feature is missing. You can use this steps to generate a changelog

towncrier create --content "Implemented Dynatrace integration to bring slos, entities and problems data to Port" 0.1.0.feature.md

commit the change log files
towncrier build --yes --version 0.1.16

repeat for each new feature/PR
